---
layout:     post
title:      Web Context
date:       2016-10-11 10:34:40
summary:    The Future of the Web is All About Context
categories: New Area
---

"The future of the web is all about context" is written in the year of 2015, which is recent paper, and some of the problems mentioned in the article do still exist nowadays, such as personal data in social media cannot across each other to reflect a better image of a person. The article mentioned two main limitations of the current web, which are uncross data, and inefficiency page ranking problem. However, I think Google has updated somehow, the page can display kind of related page by determining my location and history. Anyway, there is still a huge area can be improved. I agree with the author, the context analysing is the future of the web. The author mentioned context-rich system, so I did a little research about the context-rich system.

As the author mentioned, the context-rich system is the perfect tool to personalize the web content, "responds and helps users in real-time day to day life activates by sensing information like temperatures, work schedules, facial expressions, locations etc."(Electronicstech, 2016). There are three main benefits related to the context-rich system:

1. Personalized context-rich system. The purpose of the personalized context-rich system is the needs mentioned in the article, which the personalized content can be reflected in the web page by abstracted from their previous or other records, such as social media record and search engine history.
2. Create ecosystem by Context-rich systems. Along with the trending of technology devices being used in our normal life for both live and work, the personalizable ecosystem is necessary. By using the context-rich system to create the ecosystem, it can help multiple services work seamlessly.
3. Integration of the context-rich system. Data are coming from anywhere with limitation of qualities, diversities, and speeds. But with "Intelligent inferencing", the problem can be solved somehow, but still need to improve.

The future of the context-rich system is bright, besides to figure out how to extract useful information from the huge amount of content, we also need to combine four layers before we accomplish it.

1. Device layer: where the device communication with each other.
2. Individual layer: User's browsing history, location and record, etc.
3. Social layer: record through social media.
4. Environment layer: current information, conditions.
After merge all of them, a personalized system will be created. According to the report named "According to the new market research report "Context Rich System Market by Component (Sensors, Mobile Processor, Bluetooth Low Energy Device, Software), Device Type (Smartphone, Tablet, Desktop/Laptop, Satellite Navigation System, Biometrics), Vertical, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2020", the context-rich system market worth 2.48 billion USD by 2020.

### Reference

* Context-Rich Systems – Future Of Technology. (2015, October 21). Retrieved October 10, 2016, from http://www.insightssuccess.com/context-rich-systems-future-of-technology/
 
* Context Rich System Market by Component (Sensors, Mobile Processor, Bluetooth Low Energy Device, Software), Device Type (Smartphone, Tablet, Desktop/Laptop, Satellite Navigation System, Biometrics), Vertical, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2020. (2016, January). Retrieved October 10, 2016, from http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/context-rich-systems-market-808.html
