---
layout:     post
title:      Newbie of testing
date:       2018-07-24 22:23:18
summary:    Summary of testing#1
categories: Testing
---

## Why we need software testing.

In nowadays, millions software are being created everyday. There are not only many opportunities but also competitions. As a user, many of the software or apps I only used once, if I found out the app is too laggy or always crashed on my phone, I will delete the app immedieatly, I even will not use it again. So how to make the company’s marketing or developing departments’ efforts not waste it, is to check the quality before it goes online. And that is why we need testing.

## What is Bug

The bug can be define in two ways. A bug can a serial of a action. Contains Error, Fault, and failure. In most cases, when user reached error, such as the Apple’s , when the user sat the alarm to certain time, which is error, the code in the phone will executed a fault, and the failure is the phone will be bricks. So failture is av event or result, fault is the state of the software, and all that can be seen is by an error.By the way, I am glad I didn’t try that since it was real happened.

## Why there are bugs.
Of course, all the software are made by people like us. We all make mistakes. Sometime is our skills are not perfect, sometimes is because of the time limited. In many cases, may project just tried to reach the deadline but pubilshed the imcompleted project. As myself being a developer, sometime I got a bug is just because I thought my code can make the feature delivery but ignored in some unexpected human action or other conditions, the app will do some unexpected things.
