---
layout:     post
title:      Newbie of testing
date:       2018-07-26 20:10:56
summary:    About tester and bugs
categories: Testing
---

## How to be a good tester
Being a good tester, we need to be an explorer, a perfectionist, a troubleshooter, to be judgment, relentless, diplomatic, creative, persuasive. Conclusion, in my mind, being a good tester need to be detail- focused, try all possible ways in all possible situations, and never ignore any errors. But also, use good communication with co-workers, know the priority, and knows the company needs( fast public or make the software as good as possible).

## Can we fix all the bugs?

No, you can always find bugs in a project. Because every project has a time limit, so we don’t have time to test everything.  Also, because of the company needs, we cannot put too much money and time on testing but ignore the company’s benefit. For example, if a company want to launch a new game as soon as possible, so some small bugs could be acceptable since we don’t want to waste to much time. At last, some of the bugs is acceptable since then we need to compare the lost and how much it will cost, some small bugs won’t cost much but fix it could cost a lot of money and time.

## Why there are bugs.
Of course, all the software are made by people like us. We all make mistakes. Sometime is our skills are not perfect, sometimes is because of the time limited. In many cases, may project just tried to reach the deadline but pubilshed the imcompleted project. As myself being a developer, sometime I got a bug is just because I thought my code can make the feature delivery but ignored in some unexpected human action or other conditions, the app will do some unexpected things.
