---
layout:     post
title:      Newbie of testing#3
date:       2018-07-26 20:10:56
summary:    About tester and bugs
categories: Testing
---

## How to decide the test priority?
The Priorities test need to consider all the risks and the design the testing process from highest risk to the lowest risk within an available time duration. Such as risk of faults, features, market, and the cost of fixing bugs.

## Explain the risk matrix?

Using the risk matrix can help us to find risks in all different areas. And those can be defined into high, medium, and low.
Knowledge of area is the knowledge of the project. Such as the component of the technologies of the project. As long as we know the knowledge of the project, we can define the risks and method of how to test it.
Reputation. We need to consider all the possilbe errors of effecting the reputation of the company. Such as if we found bug, if the bug can only lead of small fault and will only have a small bad influence to the company’s reputation will be okay.
Impact of user. We need to consider what the bug will lead to the sitation of a user. Some small bugs that not normally happens and user might think it is okay.
Loss of money. Such as if the banking app have a bug can lose a lot of the money from a user, the bug need to be fixed asap.
Type of change. When modifing bugs, the components at backend could be changed as well. Such as change API, the frontend, backend, database could all be changed.
Security. Such as the password encyption have bugs, or cookies have bug, the security could be destroied.
Regression of existing features. When some bug is fixed, we need to check all the components and to make sure everything is fine.
High Traffic. We need to know how many user will be effected. Such as wechat and taobao, once the app corrupted, the number of users who influenced will be huge.
Detectability of failures. We need to consider how the detect the failures. For example, every time an app crashed, a log will be sent to the server to help company to detect errors. So we need to consider if we are able to detect all the failures.
Ability of revert. When we have big problem, can we quickly to revert the code to the last stable version is important.
How visible. Many of the bugs is invisible by users, so if users cannot see and not effect to the main features, the risks of the bug could be low. But if the bug is obviously visible, we need to fix it according to the priority.
Blocking. We need to see if the bug is blocking main features. If the bug is blocking the feature, the risk could be higher.

When we using the martix, we can check blocks one by one and to define the priority. If the risk is high, we might need to consider the risks mitigation plan. If the risk is medium, we need to consider if the bugs need to fixed. But if the risks are low, we might able to ignore them.
