---
layout:     post
title:      Newbie of testing#3
date:       2018-07-26 20:10:56
summary:    About tester and bugs
categories: Testing
---

## What is relationship between testing and software quality.
Testing is like a ruler, which can measures the quality of the software. However, depends on the different situation, such as conquence, duration time, or fault result, the quality of the sofeware will be measures. The process of the measure can be dentified by testing. After we test, we can find all the errors and make the testing plan to improve the quality.

## What should we test?
Includes:
Requirement Analysis: This is the begingin of the testing, we need to read the document of the requrement and analysis to find any errors about the logics or any others (such as law).
Business Rule: To transfer the business need into the realiayty cases.  
UI design: To see if the GUI and UI/UX is well design, is ready for use.
Application Design: Software and hardware uses. Testing need more focus on the software side. Could talk with other team members about the future threads.
Specification: Real use cases. Detect result of each button, page uses, and how to use the software.
Source Code: The error of code.
Application: Components, different uses, focus on software self.
Performance: Speed.
Security: Prevent security threads.
Reliability: Stable
The testing is not only existing in the applicaiton stage, it should be used during the whole software life cycle.  

## When we detect bugs, should we fix all of them?
No, we need to detect the errors depends on the real situation, such as time and human source, result, and cost of fixing it to make the testing plan. Sometimes, the better way is to communication with all the people from different department to decide.

##What is the principle of testing?
We need write down the plan before do the test. The plan should include difference testing object, how we test, and detect the level of privage of different component of the softeware. Keep tracking the result of the test, such as error categories, numebrs, to make a report. Developer shouldn’t test their own projects.
